So one final accessibility tip is skip links. And skip links find a way for people who use the keyboard
to navigate to skip some links that they probably don't need to navigate through and go to the main
content directly.
So let's see what this means.
I'm gonna log out here because I don't need this admin bar.
Imagine now you're navigating using the keyboard.
So the first thing you will focus on is the site title and then the search and then the search button and
then all these links.
So this might be a lot of navigation to do before getting to the main content.
So we need to figure out a way to skip to the main content directly without having to go through all
of these links.
So let's go to header.php. And right before the after the BODY tag we'll add a link with an "href=
'#content', hash tag or hash content and then close it.
So remember when I wrapped all of our content in a DIV with an ID content. There was actually a reason
for that. We need to wrap our content in a DIV in order to be able to navigate to it using an ANCHOR
tag.
So the ID content here when we click on this link we'll focus on the content and skip the header. So let's
see what I mean. Let's just add some text for this link. So I'm gonna open PHP
and of course escaped and translated
and "Skip to content".
And "_themename".
And let's now see.
So now we've the first thing in the website is this link.
So when we start navigating, let's refresh.
Let's start navigating.
And now we're focused on this link.
And if you click on it, it will focus on the content.
And now we can continue navigating through the content. And we don't have to navigate through these links.
And if you don't click enter on this link we can normally navigate through our header. But of course
we don't need this link to be obvious here.
We need to hide it. So let's add a class.
And I have a called "u-skip-link".
And it's in, I think,
utility and helpers. So what this class does?
It hides the text exactly like the "screen-reader-text".
But when we're focused on the link we will show it again.
So these styles here will show the link in the top left of the page. And these styles here will hide it from the
page.
So let's go back now and let's refresh
and  start navigating using tab.
And now once you are focused on this link, it appears and if we remove the focus from it it disappears.
By the way if we hit tab you will navigate forward and shift+tab navigate backwards,
if you don't know. So now the very first thing you will have is this link.
If you click on it you'll go to the content. And if you don't you'll just navigate through the header.
So this was a great improvement to our accessibility.
I think we now have a great menu and navigation. And we are ready now to go to the next section.